Add note about NEXT_DATA hydration (#37480)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props.md

}
```

> > Note that irrespective of rendering type, any `props` will be passed to the page component and can be viewed on the client-side. Make sure that you don't pass any sensitive information via `props`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that irrespective of rendering type, any `props` will be passed to the page component and can be viewed on the client-side in the initial HTML. This is to allow the page to be [hydrated](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html#hydrate) correctly. Make sure that you don't pass any sensitive information that shouldn't be available on the client in `props`.
```
